Concepts docs and new FCL Quickstart (#323)
onflow/flow: docs/content/concepts/index.mdx

---
title: Flow Concepts
---

There's a lot to cover when we're talking about a system like Flow, the technology behind the network

> and the design of systems you'll use to interact with it. This section will help you uncover informationalthat can help you better understand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the design of systems you'll use to interact with it. This section will help you uncover information that can help you better understand
```
